sexual assault is one of those weird situations that you have to be very,
very delicate with. If there's some contention, um, outside of sexual
assault, let's say then, um, there could be situations that you
don't want to, as especially as a chief. But you start sending people
tow opposite, um, workstations. So whereas before you can send anybody
with anyone, um, you to just choose two names, you go up there.
Um, fix this machine or YouTube. Go, go, go check the voltage. Uh,
you you have to know who your people are and how they interact with
each other, and you don't wanna push some buttons. Maybe it might
take a few weeks to kind of like, um uh, decrease the intensity in the
in the unit. So in that case, you know, for temporarily you separate
people, um, that might work with with sexual assault. Um, however,
when you're dealing with sexual assault, things can happen anywhere
you know, especially with with a small unit. So in that case, you
might want toe have other people aware of the tension between two people,
so that, like whenever there's a new opportunity for the two
of them, to be alone that as a as a group, as a team, you kind of like,
make sure everybody is on the up and up. Um, for instance, like
people could be sitting with each other at, um when they're eating lunch
together. And that's ah, really prime opportunity for, um, words
to be said, um, threats to be made right If people kind of know the
other people in the unit. Um, so even as a supervisor, if you're not
there, they can still kind of quell the situation. Um, it might get
to a point, uh, that you have to send the person to another unit
if if they can't interact with each other. Well, um, if it escalates
too much, then you might want toe talk to the VA or the Stark, and
they can kind of see where they were to go from there. The experts